COMMPAUSE=Pause Pre Run Modules 
COMMFREQ=Pre Modules Frequency (s)
POLLPAUSE=Pause Device Modules 
POLLFREQ=Device Modules Frequency (s)
SYNCPAUSE=Pause Sync Post Modules 
SYNCFREQ=Sync Post Modules Frequency (s)
MAXQFLUSH=Max Queue Flush In Sync
DLDESCR=Datalogger Description

polldata=Working Parameters
licensing=License Management
dractivate=Interface Activation
drconfig=Interface Configuration

return=Configuration Management
save=Save Configuration
working=Working Parameters
apply_lic=Renew License
apply_module=Select Device
create_config=Enable Interface
delete_config=Disable Checked
save_data=Save Data
cancel_data=Cancel Device Entry
create_data=Create Device Entry
delete_data=Delete Selected Entries
modify_data=Modify Selected Entry

drshow=Current Config
drnoshow=No Config Options
active=Current Active Interfaces
nodata=No Data for This Interface

generated=Generation Time 
type=License Generation Type
released=Release Date
expiration=Expiration Date

Interface=Data Interface

mbchannel=ModBus Channel
mbaddress=ModBus Address
mbdelay=ModBus Delay/Query
mboffset=Register Offset

localproto=Local Protocol
localport=Local Proxy Port
daddr=Destination Address
dport=Destination Port
ddescr=Destination Descr

Interfaceid=Unique ID
podid=ID POD
lat=Latitude
lng=Longitude
format=Data Format

remove=Remove Config
